

### [Overview](#overview) | [Tutorials](#tutorials) | [Examples] (#examples) | [Installation](#installation)


# Welcome to SentimentYoutube
<br>
### News and Announcements
- **2020-10-20**
    - First release of SentimentYoutube ! Version **0.0.1** cames with a simple way to analyze sentiment through out the video, it's not working properly, but defines the start of project by analysing both the frame and the caption of the video.

----

### Overview
<p>
    This library makes easy way evaluate the sentiment in a frame, by using TensorFlow Keras to judge the feeling in a frame in positive or negative. In order to do this we analyze the frames of the video, also the description of generated by a deep learning algorithm and also the caption of the video.
    This library uses Ktrain in order to train models and load models, and also uses pythia to describe a frame.</p>
- In order to use this library you should learn abour it classes :
    - 'PythiaDemo'  :
        - **PythiaDemon()** - The main utility of this class is to describe a given image, this class is called in Utils to make the process easier. 
    - 'FrameExtractor' :
        - **FrameExtractor()** - The main utility of this library, it's the class the alows to analise a given video via it's ID.
        - **do_preparation()** - This funcion preprers everything needed before using the FrameEXtractor class. 
        - **sum_the_positivity_of_vid()** - This funcion returns the posivitity of the video
        - **show_descriptions_frames_with_caption()** - This function returns the description of each frame and also it's caption
        - **extract_obj.create_caption_description_file()** - This function creates a file with the captions of the video 
        - **extract_obj.create_frame_description_file()** - This function creates a file with the description of each frame. 
        - **extract_obj.plot_caption_sentiment_during_time()** - This function plots the feeling of the captions, frames and frames desptions over time.
        - **extract_obj.plot_caption_sentiment_during_time()** - This function plots the feeling of the captions, frames and frames desptions over time in a line. And also the weighted average of the 3 parameters.
    - 'Utils' :
        - This module has bunch of usefull functions that allow a easier use of the library
        - **predic_face()** - This function receives a path to a images and returns the positivity of a image.
        - **predic_text()** - This function receives a path to a images and returns the positivity of the sentence using a pre-trained model of the MDB dataset
        - **show_image_url** - Shows a image given a url
        - **show_image** - Shows a image given a path
        - **show_prediction** - Shows pythia predicion of a image given by either a path or an url

---

### Tutorials
Please see the following tutorial notebooks for a guide on how to use **SentimentYoutube** on your projects:
    * Tutorial 1: [Introduction](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1fZRv3pJA1Ie4H18zQugmAkDZdZ1usoHv?authuser=1#scrollTo=U4CASaopTpK-)

---
### Exampless


---

### Installation
